The governing body commends you, brothers and sisters,
who serve Jehovah despite opposition
from members of your own family.
To help you endure,
we would like you to meet sister Priscilla Lagno
from the United States.
Her experience highlights what can result
when we endure family opposition.
Paul and I were high school sweethearts,
and after two years of college, we got married.
We started a family, we had three beautiful children.
We were very involved in our church,
and we were very happy.
Even so, I was searching.
I remembered the scripture of Ephesians 4.5
that says there's only one true faith.
And so, I wanted that.
I wanted one true faith,
and so I prayed for God to help me.
So that's when Jehovah's Witnesses knocked at my door
and offered me a Bible study.
I really loved what I was learning.
I started going to the meetings at the Kingdom Hall.
I started making changes.
And those changes were good for my family,
but it wasn't making my husband very happy.
He blamed me or my religion for any problem that came up.
He even threatened that he would divorce me.
Some of the things that Paul did to keep me from going to meetings
or to slow me down was to hide my literature.
He even took parts out of the car,
so I couldn't use the car to go.
But one of the lowest points was when he would not let me
take the children to the meetings with me.
It bothered me because I felt it was my responsibility
to make sure the children learned about Jehovah.
So one memorial I took the children to the Kingdom Hall with me.
Paul wasn't home to take care of them, that's why.
And when we came out of the meeting,
there was a note on the car that said,
don't bother coming home.
So we were able to go to a family member's house
to spend the night.
The next morning we got up,
and he said, we could come home.
So I told the kids to give them a hug.
We brought them a nice treat.
And I remember praying with them.
And I just did not want them to feel that their dad was a bad man.
I wanted them to love their dad.
At this point, I really was convinced I had found the true religion
or that one faith that I had read about in the Bible.
So what I did is I studied secretly with the children.
I didn't want them to make Paul upset.
And as a result, they were well behaved.
They were happy.
And Paul could see that.
And eventually, he allowed them to come to the meetings.
So one day, a Bethel couple invited Paul to tour Patterson.
And because he was in construction work, he was an engineer.
He was very interested and very impressed with the work.
So he agreed to go.
And little by little, he realized that the witnesses,
the Bethelites were just ordinary people.
Then there was a big change that showed me
that Jehovah had really been helping me all along.
And I'm happy to say Paul can tell you about it.
Well, yes, as Prasol said, I'm an engineer.
And one day on one of our big jobs, we had a leak.
I went to Jehovah in Prayer and I made a bargain with him.
And if he would help me find this leak,
I would go to one meeting with Prasol.
Mind you, she knew nothing about this prayer.
Well, the very next day, we found that leak.
So that next Sunday, out of the blue,
I told Prasol that I was going to be going to a meeting with her.
Well, eventually, I started to go into meetings regularly.
I started my own Bible study.
And then about a year later, I got baptized.
I realized over the years, I was missing out on that happiness
that both Prasol and the children had.
So through Prasol's kindness and submissive matter to me,
I started changing my view.
Well, Paul's retired now and we're still together.
And we're able to pioneer together, which is a real blessing.
The children are all in full-time service.
And I just always remember that if you trust in Jehovah,
rely on him, he'll always help you endure.
And I'm so thankful that Prasol stuck it out with me.
And now we have a spiritual family that I would never,
never want to give up.
What a powerful lesson we can learn from Sister Lagno.
Although 10 years went by before her husband joined her in the truth,
she trusted in Jehovah.
We must never lose hope that even opposing family members
may one day accept the truth.